from time to time we send my cousin Sal
to the happiest place on earth Costco to
work the return counter and work his
magic on the customers there's always a
lot of fun so we've done it again
here's cousin Sal wreaking havoc at
Costco that's a computer I believe
yeah laptop it's a laptop uh-huh is it
from Chris yes you're Brett these are
two my co-workers coq10 the laptops
causing us problems all right and it's a
$1,500 item correct we could credit that
back and how much of your refund are you
willing to contribute to Camille's long
day - it's for my job man I can't it's
for your job yeah so can we do like half
then we'll call your boss afterwards
there's people or people are giving back
at least 20% most people one day today
mr. meals fun have you heard of
Camille's fun no this is not this is not
up to me
some kind of mine my job all right so
why don't we do this why don't we I'll
give you half the refund and then we'll
put half in here
no I'll talk to your boss afterwards if
you have in common
I can't I can't do that and this is it's
not I mean do you know about Camille no
okay she's buried you know she's in need
it's a very I'll come back and donate
something man I think this is not this
is not for me and I was given this
responsibility to put this money back on
no I get it
company credit card I know I get that I
get that then why then why do you keep
insisting no I get that
what's all about Camille's fun she's
like a need desperate Natick right now
can I bring her bottom over at least
explain to you I mean if you're thinking
about coming back dude I'm done talking
about it don't want it sold out Claire
you'll see what I mean hi this is Claire
this is Camille's no it's not going to
them not going oh I get that yeah you
get you keep saying that to me but like
you can't just get him on here you want
to at least hear what Camille tells how
everybody's involved they can Elsa fun
oh my gosh she's so excited to go to
cabo the friends are going
she wants to go and join them you know
it's really gonna make a big difference
for sure and there's plenty of people up
there to donate and I'm not trying to be
cruel this is for my job man I can't
donate it different this is for her
Camille's vacation I know it's for your
job but it's for her vacation have you
ever been to Cabo can I talk to your
supervisor well this is this is it's
Camille Claire and he's gonna have his
boss call us afterwards and confirm it
but it's pretty much you say he's a good
guy it's really sweet so done that's
pretty much it done I really appreciate
it
it's so nice of you thank you can I talk
to your supervisor then oh that's a
whole different fun that's Maggie's fun
you don't want to get that she wants to
go to a or yeah yeah that's true I mean
this is the best funds you're gonna get
as far as deals go don't you there's no
deal I just want to return it right yeah
right so why can't I return it well
maybe no no I get that you see me
all of these people are returning their
high moves like with the problem she's
gonna have such a good time
can I talk to someone to the supervisor
if you want to talk to someone maybe you
could talk to Jimmy Kimmel using that
camera right okay great thank you man
you're a very generous guy
you want to go to cabo with Camille
[Music]
thanks for watching if you like that
subscribe to our YouTube channel for all
the latest videos and if you didn't
subscribe anyway it's free who cares